# Challenge21
The purpose of this analysis is to examine an advanced machine learning algorithm called the Deep Learning Network or the advanced Neural Network. The model is based on activity of neurons in the brain and is a model that connects input layers, to hidden layers based on weighted features ultimately to output layers, from where an ouput is quantified or assigned a class label. 
The objective is to have the model predict whether, given a set of inputs, an organization should get funding from the company. This is a key problem that will affect the strategy and success of both the organization, Alphabet Charity, and the associated organizations seeking funding. The underlying process involves standardization and scaling of features after encoding and binning, creating dummy variables, and combining the output of dummy variables and numerical variables. The target variable is whether the organization will receive funding. The dropped columns include EIN and Name, as they do not add value to the analysis, but rather help to identify the organizations from the data.
I selected 72 neurons for the 36 features, as there has to be more neurons than features and 6 hidden layers. I was not able to achieve target performance, as each model iteration gave me the same accuracy score of 0.24. I added more hidden layers, which should improve performance, and changed the activation function to tanh/relu/softmax. Ultimately, this is a binary classification problem, so the activation function must be one applicable to binary classification.
The important results are the predictions, which the model can currently only complete with 24% accuracy. The implication is that the different hyperparameters must be further examined and other, perhaps more interpretable models should be analyzed. 
